com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityMyPlatePostBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityMyPlatePostBinding
com/example/forum/model/dto/UserDTO.java
 com.example.forum.model.dto.UserDTO
com/example/forum/databinding/FragmentPlateBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FragmentPlateBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/FooterBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FooterBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/FragmentMyBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FragmentMyBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/forum/util/MessageUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.MessageUtil
com/example/forum/model/pojo/User.java
 com.example.forum.model.pojo.User
com/example/forum/database/UserDatabase.java
 com.example.forum.database.UserDatabase
com/example/forum/util/NetworkUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.NetworkUtil
com/example/forum/util/LogUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.LogUtil
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityMyPlateBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityMyPlateBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/PostItemBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.PostItemBinding
com/example/forum/ui/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.SplashActivity
com/example/forum/util/JsonUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.JsonUtil
com/example/forum/util/InputMethodUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.InputMethodUtil
com/example/forum/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/forum/util/StatusBarUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.StatusBarUtil
com/example/forum/model/dto/ImageDTO.java
 com.example.forum.model.dto.ImageDTO
com/example/forum/databinding/FragmentUserPostBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FragmentUserPostBinding
com/example/forum/adapter/FooterHolder.java
 com.example.forum.adapter.FooterHolder
 com.example.forum.adapter.FooterHolder$1
 com.example.forum.adapter.FooterHolder$FooterStatus
com/example/forum/ui/MainActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.MainActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.MainActivity$1
 com.example.forum.ui.MainActivity$NetworkReceiver
com/example/forum/model/vo/PaginationVO.java
 com.example.forum.model.vo.PaginationVO
com/example/forum/database/PlateDatabase.java
 com.example.forum.database.PlateDatabase
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/forum/model/dto/VideoDTO.java
 com.example.forum.model.dto.VideoDTO
com/example/forum/util/UserUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.UserUtil
com/example/forum/databinding/MyPostItemBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.MyPostItemBinding
com/example/forum/adapter/PostRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.forum.adapter.PostRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.forum.adapter.PostRecyclerAdapter$ItemHolder
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityUpdateUserBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityUpdateUserBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
com/example/forum/model/vo/UserVO.java
 com.example.forum.model.vo.UserVO
com/example/forum/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.forum.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.forum.ui.home.HomeFragment$PagerAdapter
com/example/forum/util/ListViewUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.ListViewUtil
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityPostBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityPostBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/FragmentBlankBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FragmentBlankBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/forum/request/callback/ThenJson.java
 com.example.forum.request.callback.ThenJson
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityPostEditorBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityPostEditorBinding
com/example/forum/request/callback/AbstractCallback.java
 com.example.forum.request.callback.AbstractCallback
com/example/forum/util/HttpUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.HttpUtil
com/example/forum/model/pojo/Plate.java
 com.example.forum.model.pojo.Plate
com/example/forum/model/dto/CommentDTO.java
 com.example.forum.model.dto.CommentDTO
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityPlatePostBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityPlatePostBinding
com/example/forum/dao/UserDao.java
 com.example.forum.dao.UserDao
com/example/forum/model/dto/PostDTO.java
 com.example.forum.model.dto.PostDTO
com/example/forum/databinding/PlateItemBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.PlateItemBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/MyPlateItemBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.MyPlateItemBinding
com/example/forum/ui/user/moderator/MyPlateBaseAdapter.java
 com.example.forum.ui.user.moderator.MyPlateBaseAdapter
 com.example.forum.ui.user.moderator.MyPlateBaseAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/forum/util/StringUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.StringUtil
com/example/forum/util/NotificationUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.NotificationUtil
com/example/forum/request/callback/Then.java
 com.example.forum.request.callback.Then
com/example/forum/view/MyImageButton.java
 com.example.forum.view.MyImageButton
com/example/forum/dao/PlateDao.java
 com.example.forum.dao.PlateDao
com/example/forum/ui/home/PostFragment.java
 com.example.forum.ui.home.PostFragment
 com.example.forum.ui.home.PostFragment$1
 com.example.forum.ui.home.PostFragment$2
com/example/forum/util/FileUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.FileUtil
com/example/forum/databinding/PlateItemSelectBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.PlateItemSelectBinding
com/example/forum/util/DateUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.DateUtil
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityMyPostBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityMyPostBinding
com/example/forum/adapter/CommentBaseAdapter.java
 com.example.forum.adapter.CommentBaseAdapter
 com.example.forum.adapter.CommentBaseAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/forum/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.forum.BuildConfig
com/example/forum/request/callback/Catch.java
 com.example.forum.request.callback.Catch
com/example/forum/view/NoScrollWebView.java
 com.example.forum.view.NoScrollWebView
com/example/forum/util/PermissionUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.PermissionUtil
com/example/forum/ui/my/MyFragment.java
 com.example.forum.ui.my.MyFragment
com/example/forum/request/callback/ResponseResult.java
 com.example.forum.request.callback.ResponseResult
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityMyInfoBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityMyInfoBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/forum/MyApplication.java
 com.example.forum.MyApplication
com/example/forum/databinding/CommentItemBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.CommentItemBinding
com/example/forum/databinding/FragmentPostBinding.java
 com.example.forum.databinding.FragmentPostBinding
com/example/forum/util/ToastUtil.java
 com.example.forum.util.ToastUtil
com/example/forum/ui/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.RegisterActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.RegisterActivity$1
com/example/forum/ui/user/MyPostActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.user.MyPostActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.user.MyPostActivity$1
 com.example.forum.ui.user.MyPostActivity$2
com/example/forum/ui/user/UpdateUserActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UpdateUserActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UpdateUserActivity$1
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UpdateUserActivity$2
com/example/forum/ui/post/PostEditorActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PostEditorActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PostEditorActivity$1
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PostEditorActivity$1$1
com/example/forum/ui/user/UserInfoActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UserInfoActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UserInfoActivity$1
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UserInfoActivity$PagerAdapter
com/example/forum/ui/search/SearchFragment.java
 com.example.forum.ui.search.SearchFragment
 com.example.forum.ui.search.SearchFragment$1
 com.example.forum.ui.search.SearchFragment$2
 com.example.forum.ui.search.SearchFragment$3
com/example/forum/ui/SettingActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.SettingActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.SettingActivity$1
 com.example.forum.ui.SettingActivity$2
com/example/forum/ui/post/PostActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PostActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PostActivity$1
com/example/forum/ui/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.LoginActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.LoginActivity$1
com/example/forum/ui/user/UserPostFragment.java
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UserPostFragment
 com.example.forum.ui.user.UserPostFragment$1
com/example/forum/request/Requests.java
 com.example.forum.request.Requests
com/example/forum/ui/user/moderator/MyPlateActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.user.moderator.MyPlateActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.user.moderator.MyPlateActivity$1
com/example/forum/adapter/MyPostRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.forum.adapter.MyPostRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.forum.adapter.MyPostRecyclerAdapter$ItemHolder
com/example/forum/ui/home/PlateFragment.java
 com.example.forum.ui.home.PlateFragment
 com.example.forum.ui.home.PlateFragment$1
com/example/forum/adapter/PlateBaseAdapter.java
 com.example.forum.adapter.PlateBaseAdapter
 com.example.forum.adapter.PlateBaseAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/forum/ui/post/PlatePostActivity.java
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PlatePostActivity
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PlatePostActivity$1
 com.example.forum.ui.post.PlatePostActivity$2
